Oh
oh hi there how are you oh good steep
right
alright as Steve before we begin the
interview I just need you to fill out a
few forms if that's all right certainly
here they are
I just need you to fill this out and
okay I'll start with my name so for the
s we do a curly line and bring it around
and then for the T we have a straight
line and another straight line and
there's our team now for the e we have
curly Q and a line right through the
middle
and then we do a line down and then back
up and there's a V and then for the e we
do it just like before and there's my
name do you have to D oh yes I'm
Calendar right here is it here no this
is the calendar is visit Oh done already
um Steve how come under intended area of
study you drew up hello
that's the second clue never mind let's
move on shall we
so see what kind of friends did you have
growing up oh I had many I brought some
of them with me if you'd like to meet
them oh I I didn't see anyone at the
door but sure certainly here they are so
Steve what do you do in your spare time
hmm that's a good question so did you
guys know what I do in my spare time
oh yeah that's right good work
a clue we just found our third clue we
just found our third clue
we just found our third - because we're
very smart one so our first clue was a
dumpster and our second clue was a
pillow and our third clue was a coffee
mug you know what that means
how could I possibly know but the ones
that have a slumber party I'm gonna be
honest with you you're very
underqualified can you even picture
yourself going to college let me show
you blue skidoo' every can - get out get
out
you have no diploma no GV no transcripts
no SAT scores I bet you don't even have
a letter of recommendation yes oh really
oh go man now it's time for so long yes
yes but we'll sing just one more so no
no singing thanks for doing your part
you sure are smart no you're not with me
and you and my pup blue we can do
anything
that we wanna do I want you to leave
have a seat Todd how do you know my name
oh I know a lot about You mr. Johnson a
lot indeed well what do you want I want
to go to college
well you can't I already told you that
you can't go to college here
you're not qualified you're don't even I
wonder how your wife would react to
those bad things my wife what what do
you have planned planned I haven't
planned anything
I mean after all I am going to college
soon right yes yes you are
I'll get the paperwork filled out as
soon as as soon as I can
great I'll go tell all my friends guess
what guys I'm going to college so
everything is okay I mean you're fine
right yeah all right
or am I